Aksel v7 (#3139)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/stupid-pianos-end.md

---
"@navikt/ds-tailwind": major
---

> Tailwind: Extended 'screens'-config in theme to match Aksel breakpoints. Tailwind and Primitives can now be used side by side with matching dynamic breakpoints. See migration for potential issues when adopting. TODO: Add link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailwind: Extended 'screens'-config in theme to match Aksel breakpoints. Tailwind and Primitives can now be used side by side with matching dynamic breakpoints. [See migration for potential issues when adopting](https://aksel.nav.no/grunnleggende/kode/migrering#3a2340f6f69b).
```
